Entity INSTRUCTIONS:

House: The main entity representing the house. Holding the rooms, the alarm and water systems.
Room: Individual spaces within the house such as living room, kitchen, bedroom, etc. Each have their subtype, "occupied" status, temperature and co2 level. 
Light: A type of actuator used to control lighting in the house. each light has its brightness level.
Thermostat: A device for controlling the temperature within the house. each thermostat has its target temperature level.
Security Camera: A device for monitoring and recording video for security purposes. each camera has its resolution, status(on/off). 
Door Lock: An actuator controlling access to the house or specific rooms. each door lock has its status (locked/unlocked).
Window: A component of the house that can be opened or closed. each window has its status (open/closed).
Blinds: Window coverings that can be adjusted to control light and privacy. each blind has its position (open/closed).
Alarm System: A system designed to alert users to potential security breaches or emergencies. the has its status (active/inactive).
Water System: A system designed that controls the waterFlawOf the house. Has its status (active/inactive).
External Temperature: Holds the external temperature
Each room also holds an array of( lights, thermostat, security cameras, doorlocks, windows, blinds)


Query INSTRUCTIONS:

needed queries:
    Room
    Occupied Room
    Unoccupied Room
    Restricted Area
    Living Room  
    unoccupied house - all rooms are unoccupied 


Behavior INSTRUCTIONS:

The system shall automatically adjust the lighting to 300 lux when occupancy is detected in a room 

turn off lights when the room is unoccupied for 10 minutes.

when motion is detected in restricted areas between 10 PM and 6 AM,  the system shall activate security cameras to record in 1080p resolution.

The system shall automatically lock all living room doors at 10 PM and unlock at 6 AM.

The system shall lock doors when the house is detected to be unoccupied for more than 30 minutes. 

 The system shall close blinds when the internal temperature exceeds 24°C (75°F) and open them when it falls below 20°C (68°F).

Windows shall be opened if the indoor CO2 level exceeds 1000 ppm and the external temperature is between 15°C (59°F) and 25°C (77°F).

The system shall shut off the water supply and notify the user if a water leak is detected for more than 30 seconds in any room.

The system shall immediately alert the user via mobile app and trigger house-wide alarms if smoke is detected at concentrations above 150 ppm in the house.

The system shall send notifications and trigger alarms if an unauthorized entry is detected between 10 PM and 6 AM, or when the house is unoccupied.

The system shall notify emergency services in case of  a fire detected for 5 seconds, and provide real-time updates to the user.

The system shall use motion and heat sensors to detect room occupancy. When motion or heat are detected, the room is considered occupied

The room is considered unoccupied if no motion was detected for 5 minutes

The system shall allow users to activate different lighting scenes in any room:
1. reading will turn lights to  500 lux,
2. movie night will turn lights to 150 lux
