Entity INSTRUCTIONS:

A question has its content, 4 options and the index of the right option

Generate 4 questions about the USA history(place the right answer at a random position)

In addition there is a phase to the game that holds the current component, which is "game_start' at the beginning. And a score entity( score value is 0 at the beginning)


Query INSTRUCTIONS:

queries needed:
a query for each phase of the game(start, movie, main menu, game sequence, ending scene, question updater, math umbrella ) 
  

Behavior INSTRUCTIONS:

At the start of the game, When the user clicks on the start button, the game will move to the movie component. 

Upon entrance to the movie component, the introductory movie will begin playing.
If a mouse click is received, this component will terminate the movie and forward 
the user to the main menu component. 
Otherwise, the movie will continue to its completion and the user will be moved to the main menu. 

The main menu component will wait until the user selects a button. At that time, the user will be forwarded to one of the following: game sequence component, Denominators' web page, math umbrella component, or the question updater component depending on the button selected

The game sequence component will display a question, and then wait until the user chooses an answer. If the user selects the correct answer, a message to this effect will be displayed and the component will move to the next question. If its his first answer to the question he will receive 1 point. If the incorrect answer is selected, this component will inform the user of   this and give them another chance to answer the question. However, their score will not count this question as being answered correctly.  After the user has proceeded through a set number of questions, they will be directed to the ending scene component. 

The ending scene will wait until the user selects either to return to the main menu or to exit the game. After receiving the user's input, the component will act accordingly.

The Question Updater component will wait for the user to submit new questions. After the button is clicked, the component will add the new question to the question database. 

The Math Umbrella component will wait for a user to click a link, and then follow that link.
